DOC/DEV: update editable install guidance for `spin install` (#23565)
scipy/scipy: doc/source/building/index.rst

.. admonition:: IDE support & editable installs

    While the ``spin build`` interface is our recommended way of working on SciPy,
    it has one limitation: because of the custom install location, SciPy
    will not be recognized automatically within an
    IDE (e.g., for running a script via a "run" button, or setting breakpoints
    visually). This will work better with an *in-place build* (or "editable
    install").

    Editable installs are supported via ``spin install``.
    When making changes to SciPy code, including to compiled code, there is no

>     need to manually rebuild or reinstall. When you run ``git clean -xdf``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    need to manually rebuild or reinstall. However, should you need to run ``git clean -xdf``,
```
It may be confusing to the reader to see this right after the statement that no manual rebuild/reinstall is needed. Let's make it clear that the user doesn't necessarily ever need to use `git clean -xfd` - but *if* they do, they should `pip uninstall scipy` and `spin install` again.
